DOC-3322: TinyMCE 8.2.2 Release Documentation. (#3910)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/8.2.2-release-notes.adoc

= {productname} {release-version}
:release-version: 8.2.2
:navtitle: {productname} {release-version}
:description: Release notes for {productname} {release-version}
:keywords: releasenotes, new, changes, bugfixes
:page-toclevels: 1

include::partial$misc/admon-releasenotes-for-stable.adoc[]

[[overview]]
== Overview

> {productname} {release-version} was released for {enterpriseversion} and {cloudname} on Thursday, November 13^th^, 2025. These release notes provide an overview of the changes for {productname} {release-version}, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{productname} {release-version} was released for {enterpriseversion} and {cloudname} on Monday, November 17^th^, 2025. These release notes provide an overview of the changes for {productname} {release-version}, including:
```

Reviewer 2: @ShiridiGandham I'll make a hotfix for this as I don't have permissions to commit the suggestion.
